So that is all pre kickoff.
That's before we even formally kickoff.
So let's talk about kicking off.
So this is what everybody should be.
Typically what we like to do is we
like to get as much of the team
in the room as possible,
whether virtually or otherwise, and
we want to hear from everyone,
who they are, what their role is and
what their expectations are around this
work that we're going to be doing.
What is this gonna solve?
What is this gonna benefit?
Whether it's for the larger organization
or even for just for themselves?
Okay?
We wanna be sure that we review
project scope.
Managing stakeholder expectations is
a huge ordeal no matter who you are, or
what your role is.
And the best way that you can do that
is to stay in constant communication
with them almost to the point that
you're gonna be annoying, okay?
Clear up any kind of lexicon questions.
This is a huge deal as well.
For example, when I say content
strategy versus content marketing or
when I say wireframe versus page
template versus page table,
when I say metadata versus tags, right?
We wanna make sure that any of
those things that people are gonna
be asked weigh in on that we are really
clear on what, when I say this,
this is what I'm talking about.
The word content is something that we
often have to kind of get out there.
So for
example part of it that we are working on,
we're working to standardize marketing
content across a global organization,
the processes and the guidelines.
We are not going to touch their
product description content or
their corporate communications content.
So we had to be clear right up front,
or I'm working with another company,
a hotel company where we're working
with their website, we are touching
the property description content, but not
the rooms and rates content, for example.
Okay, so when you say content,
tomato tomato.
Explain how you're going
to be sharing documents.
And then this is a huge thing that
took me a while to figure out,
if people ask me questions that I don't
have answers to I'm really good now
at saying I don't know or
I know enough about that to be dangerous.
And especially in project kickoffs,
if they say things like,
how many pieces of content
will you be auditing?
And I've estimated between 2 and 500.
I can say I don't know
the answer to that question yet,
we won't know until the situation
analysis is complete, for example.